when man made the transition from 8-bit
to 16-bit in Mega Man 7 it seemed kind
of weird we were used to seeing magma in
8-bit form then when Cal come did it
again for megaman a I was like what why
don't they do that again and they even
released it on PlayStation and Saturn
not even on a Nintendo console but you
know what this this is actually a pretty
good game two robots are battling each
other and when a giant explosion erupts
between them the explosion sends them
plummeting earth mega man rushes to the
crash site but dr. wily's they're taking
mysterious purple or looks like dr.
Walley is up to his wild antics again
and it's up to mega man to put it into
this some of the additions in the game
are refreshing to see the addition of
the 2d shooter style on tegument stage
is pretty cool you hop on Rush and use
them as a hoverboard to shoot your
enemies you also get to do this again in
Wiley's castle on a boss battle frost
man's stage has a frustrating task where
you're snowboarding really fast and you
have to time your slides and jump just
right I swear must have died like at
least 20 times my first play this was
insane when I finally beat it I was so
relieved but then you got playing
Wiley's castle again and it's a longer
harder version I was like oh come on
again that one took me at least 50 times
and things like that just make me don't
want to play the that part of the game
ever again the most confusing stages
astro-man stage you have to go through
this maze and push the right buttons at
the right time to open the doors I don't
know why this was so hard for me to
figure out I mean it took me a while was
getting so tedious when I figured it out
I was all like my hand why was that so
hard when I kept going through it and
going through it over and over again I
was all like for the love of God just
hurry up and then I finally finished it
you know how a mega man nine splash
woman is the easiest boss well let me
tell you after man is way easier don't
believe me we'll check this out
and I don't know what's up with clown
man he's just weird I mean he doesn't
really sound like a guy Barry doesn't
really sound like a girl we either it's
like in between and it is like he's the
weirdest boss in this game I don't know
what's his problem when you reach
Wiley's cast so the first boss battle
house using your soccer ball power up
you have to aim it in the right
direction that hit the right boss this
takes time and patience at least they
made that green blob guy really easy in
this game you didn't know the paws trick
in the first magnetic game he was really
hard but we'll be here he's really easy
I'd beat him like on the first try
without even getting her after playing
magma name a few times I started to
enjoy it more and more it has everything
a mega man games should have besides not
being a bit has great music cross man in
tender manner some of my favorite music
in the whole Mega Man games and even has
these cool anime cutscenes kind of
reminds me of watching the show if you
want to play a 16-bit bagman game so
badly just go play Megaman X that's good
in mega man should always stay in 8-bit
form no matter what
you